many civilians have a strong desire to
stay in their homes despite the ongoing
attacks and starvation in the north of
Gaza however the severe lack of access
to basic necessities like food water and
treatment has left many feeling they
have no choice but to
leave I was injured when the school I
was Sheltering in was targeted by the
Israelis I have Rod implants in my leg
there's shortage of medical treatment
Northern Gaza so my leg got infected
it's been 18 days since I was injured
I'm moving south to seek
treatment we have fed up we have had
enough of this life we are heading south
because there is no food no water no
life here at all we are going to the
South to be with our people the journey
is full of suffering as families face
dangers like violence and harsh travel
conditions as as they travel walking for
distances carrying heavy packages
despite these hardships the H of meeting
up with their families and getting
potential treatment after months of a
brutal War keeps them going evacuating
families endure both physical and
emotional pain as they leave behind
their homes and communities this mass
movement highlights the immense
suffering and the desperate need for
solutions to address these challenges
their strength and determination in such
tough times underscore the severity of
their poite and the urgent need for for
Relief make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer